The term UX, or user experience, refers to how the user perceives the use of an application or product, whether they feel comfortable using it, find it easy to use, and overall how they feel when interacting with it. UX is closely related to HCI, with the former being a subset of the latter, as it is necessary to work with both together. However, while they are related, they can also be different, as HCI does not necessarily deal with products. It is more focused on research on how people interact with technology and uses many fields of research to study it. In contrast, user experience necessarily works with products, as we seek to ensure that users feel good using them. Therefore, implementing a good user experience requires HCI. In our project, the use of user experience is necessary as we work with teachers from different years and with different experiences. We need to offer an experience that makes everyone feel comfortable, from those who do not know how to use technology to those who have extensive knowledge in it, by providing a pleasant and user-friendly interface. User experience is extremely necessary to work with and ensure that users continue to use your product, which is why it is important to use it wisely by implementing everything needed.


### References

- Allie, E. (s/f). What’s the difference between UX and HCI? Quora. https://www.quora.com/Whats-the-difference-between-UX-and-HCI
- Createra Labs. (2021, December 11). Relation Between Interaction Design, User Experiences & Human Computer Interaction. Medium. https://createralabs.medium.com/relation-between-interaction-design-user-experiences-human-computer-interaction-f3916a5d150c
