## Elicitation Methods 

Elicitation is the process that deals with identifying the needs of project users in order to define and communicate these needs and expectations to system developers. It involves meeting with interested parties, recording their needs and classifying them as a set of requests for later analysis. One of the most common forms of elicitation is the use of questionnaires or surveys.

In situations where face-to-face interviews with stakeholders are not possible, surveys are used. This elicitation technique makes it possible to collect information from a larger group of population distributed over a large geographic area and from different time zones. To be effective, questionnaires must be clear, well-defined and precise, as well as include domain knowledge. Questions should be focused to avoid collecting large amounts of redundant and irrelevant information.

One of the benefits of the surveys is that individuals can answer questions at their own pace, allowing them to reflect and provide more accurate answers. Additionally, responses can be collected anonymously, which encourages honesty and candor in responses.

The implementation of this elicitation technique in the project was through a survey in Google Forms; It was a useful solution to obtain information effectively and efficiently. It began with the creation of an online surveys that includes open and closed questions to collect valuable information about the interaction of children diagnosed with ADHD and teachers. The questions included their needs, strategies that have worked for them in the past, experiences, and any other relevant information they can provide. In this way, we were able to obtain information from multiple students at the same time, which allowed us a better understanding of the needs they have in the classroom to design more effective support.

The result of the technique in the first installment of the project was the definition of specific functional and non-functional requirements; By choosing the right people and getting involved in the elicitation process, it was possible to obtain requirements that satisfy the main needs of potential users. However, we could complement the information using a different and more complete technique; the opportunity to delve deeper into a subject and broaden our ideas could be improved, as well as personally listen to the needs of the teachers and give the opportunity to request clarifications or correct misunderstandings that could possibly arise in the questionnaire.
