## Personas

Understanding the needs of our users is a crucial step in creating a product that provides value and enhances the user experience. The goal of persona is to help the product teams better understand the users and thus improve their products.
The focus of the Project is the support to teachers in the classroom for children with ADHD, for which the needs of our users help us to design a product that provides them with significant value; so when creating the fictional personas specific items such as user needs were selected from the toolkits to understand the context in which teachers would be using the product. In the same way, the element of technological interaction in the creation of people was important to identify and discuss the type of technology that we could implement and what would be an obstacle for users.

The collection method to be able to write these elements were the questionnaires where the problems and challenges faced by users in the scenario we addressed were understood. Once the data was collected, it needed to be analyzed and synthesized to identify patterns and trends. The implementation of these elements in personas allowed us to create personas that represented the needs of a group of users who would be interested in using our product. Gaining information from methods such as creating fictional personas will allow us to conduct test sessions to observe behavior and identify areas where the product is not meeting customer needs.

In the project, the creation of people helps us to have a better understanding of the user's needs to improve the design that the product will have. For example, using personas gives us information not only about the needs of teachers, but also the needs, wants, and limitations of children with ADHD. By creating a person with ADHD expertise to represent an end user of the software and tailoring individual activities based on the child's preferences and interests; It would impact our final decisions because we could include interactive activities that help kids with ADHD focus and improve attention, as well as tools for teachers to tailor the activities to individual children's needs.
